You are such an unfilial grandpa
Yan Zhen, even if you don't want to marry the eldest lady of the Gu family
I'm not looking for a liar.
What's so good about him?
How can I help you?
Why do you do it for him?
Offend the old man and offend the grandfather of the Gu family
I'll give it to you from the Gu family.
You don't have to worry about anything
Know the sky and the earth
An outdated producer
How can you climb the Gu family?
If it weren't for climbing Yanzhen
I'm afraid you're not even qualified to know the name of the Gu family
Believe it or not is up to you
When you arrive, don't kneel and beg for mercy
You are so delusional
I really thought my big brother could take a fancy to you
Shen Junci advises you to speak with respect
But your sister-in-law
Come on girl come here
I need to talk to you.
There's 20 million here.
As long as you promise to divorce Yan Zhen
This is your Shen Yanyan
I can't borrow money
And I'm just like Yan Zhen
No divorce, don't toast
I'm going crazy.
Your Shen family has stood tall in Yuncheng for so many years
It's not that everyone can make decisions
I must really like you.
Do you think you'll have a chance to stay here?
When you talk big, you are not afraid of flash
20 million
I don't think you've ever seen so much money in your life
Yeah, it does.
For my dignified guardian today
Is my money not enough?
Ake is also a daughter
When will I pay for what Miss Gu owes me?